[Button/Link] Add new prop dataPrimaryLink to support clickable IndexTable columns (#6399)
Shopify/polaris: .changeset/forty-doors-pretend.md

---
'@shopify/polaris': minor
---

> Support dataPrimaryLink on Link/Button for clickable IndexTable columns

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Added the `dataPrimaryLink` prop to `Link` and `Button` to support navigation on click of an `IndexTable.Row`
```
